com/example/lktsu/data/room/NewsDAO_Impl.java
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.NewsDAO_Impl
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.NewsDAO_Impl$1
com/example/lktsu/StatementsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.lktsu.StatementsActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/lktsu/databinding/ActivityNewsBinding.java
 com.example.lktsu.databinding.ActivityNewsBinding
com/example/lktsu/Hilt_ContactsActivity.java
 com.example.lktsu.Hilt_ContactsActivity
 com.example.lktsu.Hilt_ContactsActivity$1
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_lktsu_LKApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_lktsu_LKApp
com/example/lktsu/data/room/MarksDAO_Impl.java
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.MarksDAO_Impl
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.MarksDAO_Impl$1
com/example/lktsu/repositories/RoomRepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 com.example.lktsu.repositories.RoomRepositoryImpl_Factory
com/example/lktsu/databinding/ActivityMoreBinding.java
 com.example.lktsu.databinding.ActivityMoreBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_lktsu_di_DatabaseModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_lktsu_di_DatabaseModule
com/example/lktsu/di/DatabaseModule_ProvideNewsDAOFactory.java
 com.example.lktsu.di.DatabaseModule_ProvideNewsDAOFactory
com/example/lktsu/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.lktsu.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/lktsu/di/DatabaseModule_ProvideRoomRepositoryImplFactory.java
 com.example.lktsu.di.DatabaseModule_ProvideRoomRepositoryImplFactory
com/example/lktsu/databinding/ActivityContactsBinding.java
 com.example.lktsu.databinding.ActivityContactsBinding
com/example/lktsu/Hilt_NewsActivity.java
 com.example.lktsu.Hilt_NewsActivity
 com.example.lktsu.Hilt_NewsActivity$1
com/example/lktsu/NewsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.lktsu.NewsActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/lktsu/MoreActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.lktsu.MoreActivity_MembersInjector
com/example/lktsu/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.lktsu.BuildConfig
com/example/lktsu/LKApp_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_MembersInjector
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_lktsu_LKApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_lktsu_LKApp
com/example/lktsu/data/room/StatementDAO_Impl.java
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.StatementDAO_Impl
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.StatementDAO_Impl$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_lktsu_MarksActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_lktsu_MarksActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/lktsu/di/DatabaseModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory.java
 com.example.lktsu.di.DatabaseModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory
com/example/lktsu/di/DatabaseModule_ProvideStudentDAOFactory.java
 com.example.lktsu.di.DatabaseModule_ProvideStudentDAOFactory
com/example/lktsu/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.lktsu.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_lktsu_MoreActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_lktsu_MoreActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/lktsu/NewsActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.lktsu.NewsActivity_MembersInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_lktsu_ContactsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_lktsu_ContactsActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/lktsu/Hilt_MoreActivity.java
 com.example.lktsu.Hilt_MoreActivity
 com.example.lktsu.Hilt_MoreActivity$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_lktsu_LKApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_lktsu_LKApp_GeneratedInjector
com/example/lktsu/ContactsActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.lktsu.ContactsActivity_MembersInjector
com/example/lktsu/databinding/ActivityScheduleBinding.java
 com.example.lktsu.databinding.ActivityScheduleBinding
com/example/lktsu/StatementsActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.lktsu.StatementsActivity_MembersInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_lktsu_NewsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_lktsu_NewsActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/lktsu/databinding/ActivityMarksBinding.java
 com.example.lktsu.databinding.ActivityMarksBinding
com/example/lktsu/data/room/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.AppDatabase_Impl
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.AppDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/lktsu/LKApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_GeneratedInjector
com/example/lktsu/MoreActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.lktsu.MoreActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/lktsu/di/DatabaseModule_ProvideStatementDAOFactory.java
 com.example.lktsu.di.DatabaseModule_ProvideStatementDAOFactory
com/example/lktsu/Hilt_StatementsActivity.java
 com.example.lktsu.Hilt_StatementsActivity
 com.example.lktsu.Hilt_StatementsActivity$1
com/example/lktsu/databinding/ActivityStatementsBinding.java
 com.example.lktsu.databinding.ActivityStatementsBinding
com/example/lktsu/data/room/HistoryDAO_Impl.java
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.HistoryDAO_Impl
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.HistoryDAO_Impl$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_lktsu_StatementsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_lktsu_StatementsActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/lktsu/di/DatabaseModule_ProvideMarksDAOFactory.java
 com.example.lktsu.di.DatabaseModule_ProvideMarksDAOFactory
com/example/lktsu/Hilt_LKApp.java
 com.example.lktsu.Hilt_LKApp
 com.example.lktsu.Hilt_LKApp$1
com/example/lktsu/data/room/StudentDAO_Impl.java
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.StudentDAO_Impl
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.StudentDAO_Impl$1
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.StudentDAO_Impl$2
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.StudentDAO_Impl$3
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.StudentDAO_Impl$4
 com.example.lktsu.data.room.StudentDAO_Impl$5
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_lktsu_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_lktsu_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/lktsu/di/DatabaseModule_ProvideHistoryDAOFactory.java
 com.example.lktsu.di.DatabaseModule_ProvideHistoryDAOFactory
com/example/lktsu/ContactsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.lktsu.ContactsActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/lktsu/MarksActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.lktsu.MarksActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/lktsu/Hilt_MarksActivity.java
 com.example.lktsu.Hilt_MarksActivity
 com.example.lktsu.Hilt_MarksActivity$1
com/example/lktsu/MainActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.lktsu.MainActivity_MembersInjector
com/example/lktsu/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.lktsu.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/lktsu/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.lktsu.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.lktsu.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/example/lktsu/DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCI
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCI
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.lktsu.DaggerLKApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
com/example/lktsu/MarksActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.lktsu.MarksActivity_MembersInjector
com/example/lktsu/LKApp_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/lktsu/LKApp_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.example.lktsu.LKApp_ComponentTreeDeps
